raised in the bayous on a houseboat
Tammy was as fresh and sparkling as the
spring as sheltered as her goat as wise
as her rebellious grandpa and then one
day the wreckage they salvaged yielded a
strange treasure a worldly young man and
handsome too
I just know about living and dying and
getting born I don't know about lovin
but I figure I can learn co-starring
Leslie Nielsen and Walter Brennan ain't
no need for you to hang your head cause
a some fool or they made up in washing
about corn liquor her rival in love
mallow powers the professor Sidney
Blackmer Miss Renny Mildred net wick and
Ernie perpetually on the make what's
eating you anyway I don't like you takin
off at a me like this yes for Tammy's
civilization was filled with wonder what
civilization had never met anything more
wonderful than Tammy herself
well it isn't amusing it's dreadful it's
shocking
mother mother I'm sure that that
I reckon you don't want anybody around
who's Ken to somebody in jail
so I'll thank you for the night's
lodging and I'll be going you told me
once I'd afraid of being a failure
well you're right no catchin TP you're
just one of a line that goes back beyond
the time of knowin a line of people that
ever wrestled with us to get their
living from it
in
you